headline reads South Korea rocked by
Starcraft betting scandal so good shaken
to its core
so yeah Starcraft kind of a big deal and
to in in Korea as I'm sure everyone
knows at this point the eSports and and
all that stuff these sports people
playing Starcraft on a professional
level
gen sports it is that game is
essentially the national pastime of
South Korea at this point yep
I would disagree something about that
sounds wrong but no it's that we know of
yeah I've never been a career from the
outside that's what it seems I assume
it's just there just ended a knife
fighting and Starcraft did Shoeless Joe
Jackson get caught or what happened no
so I guess it's it's still unfolding as
we speak people if someone did make the
comparison to the black sauce compares
because people are being like
blackballed and like outed from teams
and forced to retire
I guess there's this dude ammaji Hyun
who is like one of the most famous
Starcraft players and he's he's
implicated in this so yeah it's a lot of
like game fixing people losing on
purpose there's these illegal betting
sir because it's all it all has to do
with gambling so there's all this
illegal gambling going on surrounding
professional Starcraft matches and the
the the mob the Korean mob finally got
to the players I guess this was started
in 2006 and peaked in oh wait as far as
the the rampant nosov the and like the
league's knew about it we're trying to
figure out what to do about it but we're
clearly not saying anything publicly
about it so this was a huge issue and
endlessly entertaining to me that in the
fifth round Tassadar takes does she
shows just how big Starcraft is that
this could happen and then become an
incredible scandal Hey I'm a little bit
like oh yeah I'm a little bummed that
it's illegal like you wish that while
you're betting on video game outcomes
like let those dudes do whatever they
need to do to make a buck like if you're
betting and like getting all worked out
that a dude blew his Starcraft game I
mean I'm totally removed from that whole
situation obviously it's not a national
pastime for me but like you know
baseball these guys play a sport these
are supposed to be you know fun relaxing
entertainments playing it yeah like
that's that's what sports are supposed
to be I know so so this is no different
it's just that the I love that people
are betting on video games I think
that's a terrific thing and and this
stuff needs to happen I mean this is
just the the you know maturation of the
forum like sure they're showing it on TV
of course that stuff's gonna happen you
reach a certain size it will bet on
anything yes there is like some sweaty
room somewhere with a guy holding up
tickets and waving them in the air it's
yelling in some language I don't
understand and I'm happy I wonder if
like you can go high level Starcraft
letters and watch those tapes and know
when you throw out figure out what yeah
oh yeah sure here he totally would have
built another phantom Zerg rush he's
obviously cannibalizing oh never make a
mistake
look at lo as a PMS are you can tell
back into the left of blue chips yeah
people are betting on Starcraft matches
and it's only gonna get worse man
corruption corruption in the world of
eSports steroids and yeah I don't know
sort of Paul there was some sort of talk
of like Oh are these energy drinks like
do they need to like step in and limit
like yeah that was a conversation that
someone had apparently with some level
of seriousness at one point oh I think
probably before they're like dude just
shut up what are you talking about hair
dye - man let fatality fatality needs to
drink to be fatality let me let me check
your mouth let me check that this is the
is over the legal wait for this mouse
I'm sorry okay your mousing surface is
too elite for this too slick roll up in
is not regulation
turn your dpi down come on I'll just
know that has arrived when I can walk
into a sports bar on there watching
Starcraft and I go ha free to ruin the
game
I only watch college Starcraft playing
cuz that's what the game's real is pro
shit what do I want to pay to watch
millionaires play Starcraft fucking a
mouse covered in pine tar all I do is
showboat and Rush no tactical playing
anymore
they need an actual like punkbuster ref
right just a man comes around slaps you
around what do you do you know I'll kick
you out of this room they start doing
work more trading cards we need to like
weird errors it's like Oh in this one it
said fuckface on the bottom of his
keyboard and we had to written like
reissued new new cards should be an HBO
movie yeah